 according to the four-year statistics, there must be a total of 833 persons in the united kingdom.
 the provisions of the convention into or into state law, if promulgated with article 4 of the provisions of article 4, should enable the article.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of economic performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 was maintained.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepts the recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of the roster.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the phase ii methodology calls for the selection of grade remuneration comparisons.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price price of these spots may also continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping shopping and street market stalls for the past 5 years is at the highest peak.
 the situation of peace-keeping is most difficult to predict that major changes are likely to have occurred in the annual year.
 it is important to look into the intention of the country rather than the form of instruments.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupying forces said that during the long period of time, the occupying forces had to wait for long.
 some of us believe that this action would not be possible if it has been open and transparent.
 this is very useful to know the complexity of the problems dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the family planning association of namibia has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 the state party submits the most critical health problems affecting women affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, therefore, legally and in fact, as a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the size of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct investigations and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be understood by the international community that the international community is the council's decisions and actions.
 parents cannot afford to go to the schools and the teacher.
 " now we are pleased to see that one country, two systems ' implementation, hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on the list of speakers today, will speak on behalf of the group of 21, and other representatives of china.
 the government understands that the hos scheme will be avoided with private property market competition and maintain the same sales target.
 we explore the control of the strengthening of the united nations system in close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term shall be elected by a 800 persons election.
 if a person is given a installation of security, the person must be paid to prevent the use of the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network throughout the country and in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronic tender was conducted in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gross domestic product of gdp growth has been revised from 4.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after visiting his visit to china after visiting china after visiting his visit to visit the visit, the woman and loved dugburg will be visited in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest against a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons given to the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not in principle in principle.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly by the president of the general assembly.
 the long-standing problems in the economies of the two countries, as well as the regular budget of the regular budget, has brought to the organization's contribution to the organization.
 the delegation of india was members of the panel of delegation to the world trade organization on trade patents between india and the united states.
 the warmth, mr wong sheng-chien, was the law of the university of the university of suribe.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the state are not good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of the construction of the education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they would make use of the web payment to the relevant banks.
 in conclusion, mr tsang was grateful to assist in the construction of the building team, and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of preconditions for some of these groups.
 no. 8. tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong will gradually restore normal.
 this is regrettable, as part of the draft resolution prepared by the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities wish to resolve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish and spanish this year, and this year.
 among the transactions in exchange with local transactions, the respective shares of other local financial institutions and local non-governmental organizations are about 2% and 10 per cent of local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more than a more multi-storey single single-sighted single-sighters.
 it is essential for the search for the search for the success of multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there was a concern about the donor fatigue in the humanitarian relief relief relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has been appealed to france, and the chamber was admitted to france.
 the slowdown in the economic slowdown in the economies of these countries has caused adverse effects on the promotion of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 the week is 1, seven days.
 our socialist countries, through the united nations, entered the world, and with other countries of the north and west.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, business and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 " i don't know that he will not be able to understand the sword's sword. "
 (15) there is an international perspective in respect and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 china's ministry of china stated that china's anti-ememitive bird flu has been very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force would be able to prevent the mistakes of violence which could lead to violence.
 however, at this critical juncture, it is important that the league of terror against terrorism must clearly recognize and identify their enemy.
 i am very much hope that the executive authorities can start a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, a spokesman for the african group, commends the efforts made by unifem for the response to the response.
 the chinese government intends to play a final plan in early next year to establish 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of this year, it's a hundred-year-old old old town, and this is the path of modernized road.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card of credit cards.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the publication are rich in a number of social and economic areas, with detailed reports on statistical developments.
 the overwhelming majority of the members of the vast majority of member states indicate the tendency to increase the council's permanent and permanent membership.
 customers can be sold during the first six months of the special stamps issued by the special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph lai, visited the deputy secretary for education and other bureau and other education and education officials.
 in 1971, hong kong's relationship with a non-profit-profit concompetital act was founded in the community.
 it is not easy to determine the contribution of the voters and electoral campaigns, which might have any impact on judges.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific wish to restore nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 service fees are $ 20 each. "
 bull bull bulldozers were in many cases, in many cases, even in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officers, and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to go to the european parliament of the european parliament.
 currently, the concept of national sovereignty, national security and implementation of the concept of peace, national security and the implementation of the concept of peace.
 such information is conducive to the real responsibilities of real responsibilities in the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the joint chairman of the joint president.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the nation-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 bombs and residences were destroyed and israeli troops arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the text has become more critical and simple, and the content is even more even more.
 this sustained real estate prices, not only the ordinary people, but also led to a high priority for the government and experts.
 in his heart, he may need to stop at the heart of the hearts of mind.
 we have not been able to listen to the valuable views of scholars who have professional understanding of the political study.
 the saying goes.
 it is expected that it will be expected to speed up the democratic party in the new millennium.
 during the days of the day, it is like the light of the light of the light of the light.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan has come to taiwan's tourism, and the local industry indicated optimism.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functional jurisdictions is the exclusive economic zone of navigation and adoption of territorial seas.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan, the director-general of margaret chan, officially elected director-general, was formally elected by the director-general of the world health organization.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 if international covenants are implemented in accordance with the international court on extradition, it is based on extradition.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly of the united nations on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the constitution of the constitution of slovenia, in particular the protection of women's human rights.
 er, on the basis of this, there was no blackke in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process, which is more uncertain than in the two years ago, as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 following the opening of the government's government's report, the number of visitors from april increased to 60000 in april.
 this situation has occurred in the previous case of the board or the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the performance of the commission's performance of the commission must depend on the capacity of its members and the committee.
 the letter to registration of registration shall be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware of the " quality ", we do not mean that it is not important for us to do.
 the democratic republic of the congo is a general view that the international community had no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess the damage caused to crops and infrastructure caused by the floods.
 the government, therefore, is the 1 step to promote the co-operation between the two exchanges and the mergers of hong kong, and to consider co-operation with alliances with cross-border coalitions.
 in respect of the river union, regional offices must assist the executive three ministers of confidence-building measures at the end of september and october.
 criminal offences were carried out by criminals, explosions, the maximum penalty and the maximum number of criminal offences.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullets were fired by genuine guns.
 in the analysis of the waiting time for care of care, the applicants are generally available to three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 an example is the product of modern life.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure peace and harmony, and jointly promotes the different national and cultural development of the world.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the commercial changes can be done in china.
 this will not only enhance the capacity of local production, " the spokesman said.
 i would like to understand that all people will understand that our sense of our warmty is the same as 17 years after 17 years.
 in the case of health, the symptoms of symptoms are smaller than minor.
 coordination with the relevant united nations agencies and the united nations are also appropriate.
 in the face of the world's " products ", parents are much more likely to choose the trip to the individual.
 if the more more than two-wayer, the consequences are certainly very serious.
 for the resettlement of vietnamese persons and lao lao, those who are not feasible for voluntary repatriation will continue to be repatriated.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 has improved and improved in the previous system.
 at the same time, the maintenance of a moratorium on nuclear testing was crucial at the same time.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have travel and immigration freedom.
 they also expressed the view that this might create a precedent, leading to all types of vessels, which lead to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, the government also heard the legal advice, but the government will never know the law.
 at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong through a total of $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 to date, there has been more than 30 tons of relief items that have been delivered to monuc's air and land.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenge of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of drug law in the 21 century.
 in this context, the gap between women and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, there was no need for trade in egypt before the opening of the 1994 border.
 madam president, in processions, the procession of a small group of people is not always the right of a few people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the talks.
 recently, the private sector and foundations are marked by the private sector and the foundations of the united nations on a global level.
 there are no other comments on the part of the taiwan teacher.
 i very excited.
 there are two documents, one of which is one of the israelis.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to perform all services.
 the recent political development of the united kingdom does not appear to help hong kong to resolve this problem in hong kong.
 the model part of the model includes the development of model model models and dismission models in the persian gulf.
 9.9 of the percentage growth came from changes in currency exchange rates.
 typically, illicit arms transactions are carried out in place from the administrative facilities of arms control.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system, which is not tolerated in the future.
 most of the job vacancies will apply for graduates from a diploma or degree of graduates for the monthly monthly salary of $ 6000.
 details of the total value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 as regards the details of the commission's functions, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets of the capital market.
 it is hoped that in the near future, they are in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement to the official activities of the commonwealth.
 in the view of the delegation of china, the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now taking place at the junction of ho <unk>
 because mr leung's time is more time, it would be better to make it better and so i support it.
 observers for indians, africa and the inter-american cultural association, believed that non-crominants are minorities in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an opinion survey in the next three years.
 in addition, it is not clear that china's versions of hong kong is an excuse for hong kong's hong kong officials.
 the college of commissioners held 5 plenary meetings on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law on the basis of such parties (e.g. the signatures, dependence on parties and certification services) have been established.
 as a result, the rate of capacity-building in the implementation of national programmes is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hong kong special administrative region supports the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan african region, for example, is only a telephone telephone.
 the press must respect the dignity and institutions of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days during the closure of the border between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of the speedy speed, the cost of transport has been reduced, and all sectors have benefited.
 as chao man-chien, a " p. p. p. s. ".
 36. the 2. 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technical talent-oriented talents.
 she would like to do so, such as listening to radio, television, tv, writers, singing and piano and piano.
 it is indeed difficult to talk about the children of taiwan in taiwan.
 the cost of transfer charges can be calculated on the basis of higher value calculations.
 in fact, the secretary for housing has invited me to talk about this relationship with the reconstruction area.
 an advisory group has been entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to open up and transparent manner.
 i have not seen the eyes, but often hear of such reports.
 (a) the company is interested to apply for formal application for the cyberport in the cyberport.
 in terms of movies, hou hsiao-yin's " loves ", " yue-yen, " says yang chu-yen's " lingy ", " he says. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years later.
 very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk>3 of them management posts.
 the court considers that the buyers did not fulfil their obligations to pay their obligations.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a link to the inter-american commission on human rights.
 the 50 session of the draft bill will create a record: this would be the real olympic of real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the commission's recent commitment to the development panel of the sfc will report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 it was considered that the mandate of the elections is the privilege of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 tourists from the modern civilization are also able to go to a few times in modern civilizations.
 we have set a far-reaching goal to develop hong kong's development as a leading international city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr stephen lam, and the fund management committee on the management committee of the fund, is a new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of " juvenile police hearing ".
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is wrong.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the hong kong shipping company (csd) has set up a commercial decision on the domestic domestic industry.
 the consolidation of the government and people of sierra leone after eight years of civil war is the united states.
 according to he said, history has been repeated.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown the role of the country in the economic and social roles.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider extending the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that since the committee was members of the committee, it has always been very active in their duties.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the entire world as a whole.
 <unk> on january 7, 2002, the director of information services will be the director of information services at the district officer.
 the dancers of the dancers are the gods of the flowers, and then thrown the audience.
 the situation in the united nations social area is most worrying.
 as a result, again, the doctor said that the child had been infected with the child.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to addition to the beauty of lanterns, the team led to him to take a look at the world.
 the aim is to provide more pressure on 3 parties to peace-building, peace-building, so that it will no longer stop war.
 tai po, tai po, tai po, a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the communities of the communities should not allow them to go to them, and they should be able to look at.
 let us not forget that these are public funds and is absolutely not a waste of waste.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase more than a year.
 i have recently visited the general assembly at the present time.
 it shall immediately be submitted to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to those written statements.
 qi chin-kinu said james soong will arrive at the 1 station on may 5, and will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee further notes that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report and the mission.
 a major train explosion occurred on a major train explosion on the northern north of north korea.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include a representative of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 the use of the use of the people of hong kong, i do not agree with the sentiments of hong kong people.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other areas including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 in my own, i do not believe, but i have often heard religions in favour of religion.
 therefore, before the sar government is established, the chinese government would only be eligible for the future sar government.
 we should carefully assess the impact of elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu and mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implemented some of its provisions, particularly in regard to mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america has grown by 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.3 million, and the first time for the first time in four years.
 in the financial year 2004, the import and export bank of the united states has provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june on thursday.
 at the present time, the government is considering the possibility of legal action to be taken on the pollution of the old site.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts were established for the establishment of 36 posts, and 18 posts were paid to the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 route " is the main reference to the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, for a double-edged sword, we have zhang tables.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily attack on the operation of the operation on the ground at the scene.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only written in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the attention of members of the council.
 if he wished to take the scene at the scene, the location of the united states congress was 285 rooms of the us congress building.
 the record shall be left to 3 years after the final release of the record.
 china has reduced 2000000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people in bangkok are prepared to take up the year before the wto centre.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in urban areas will be able to pick up the car park and loading of the car park near ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure between sovereign states of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline staff in their economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs the consensus of the community. "
 such punishment is only applicable only to the czech republic, but also without access to refugee status.
 it is a very serious matter for me to go to the child, and i am deeply concerned about the very serious matter.
 the rights of human rights and people in africa also attended the international seminar.
 the availability of gender differences and inequality affecting the risk of the risk of the risk of risk has not been sufficient.
 according to the conservative engineering centres and the environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that these technology applications could reach a number of us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) for the appointment of 12 members of the advisory committee for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in the east asia region, the financial surplus of east asia should also be promoted, " the spokesman added.
 the swd has contacted the family members of chen shui-ling.
 the cost of the residential costs of the state is about 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 the resources have already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops have been invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 for improving the recruitment, training and management of the police, the management and management of prisoners also apply to the prisoners.
 " the inspection is also found to be sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other clientloads. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or reflected in some international conventions.
 the ministry of home affairs, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong always a piece of sunshine, the airlines, airlines, prosperity and prosperity, happiness and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main power of economic development.
 therefore, we first stressed the obligation of nuclear powers to conclude obligations for the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet services provided by the united states only maintains the rate of networking of each 20 users.
 since the opening of the reforms, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to the strategic objectives of the world.
 in my country's warm weather warm warming, he will be able to reach five and 60.
 i hope that during the course of the conference, the secretary-general could be able to live in this hall.
 <unk> no provision allows the guardians to be allowed to leave the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include national citizens in the region include a uniform travel document in the region.
 it is a genuine friend to be a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, the employment of workers, employment and employment difficulties have been plagued for some time.
 " we should not abandon the performance of " live ", " says chu su-yen pointed out.
 otherwise, the meaning of the draft articles would be lost.
 as a result, the average inflation rate in the last year has increased considerably.
 it is no longer to say that in the mainland of hong kong and taiwan in taiwan, the use of drugs and antibiotics.
 the current age of the greek cypriot is 66.
 the economic expert's economic experts also raised the same projections on the weekend.
 the project could also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need for additional loans to increase loans.
 the above-mentioned detention assets was carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure, and by the judges.
 judging from this, students die for the death of the students.
 for the treatment of health-care facilities in unrwa's health-care facilities, the patient is providing basic medical supplies.
 the plan is not merely retribution to land.
 on the subject of this theme, the meeting sought to remind people that only 20 minutes have been killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 at the time of the neighbours of the neighbours, there were some crafts who can purchase.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic signs and compliance with police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was to be surprising, since the legal adviser had been reconstructed by the lack of legitimate conduct to the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of broadening the existing social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of their lives, influenced their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will be expected to meet the journey of lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been hiding after his father's report, and the ministry of the ministry of the interior said that he was said to have to visit him.
 other officers from the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place for low-skilled skills is a lower-level service sector.
 the project suggests that there are currently small-scale corporate funding approaches to policy experience in the previous policy experience of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau earlier is the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deception money.
 they should be open up in terms of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, and the opening up of a progressive market.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support iraqs war against iraq.
 real development concepts should include full respect for all universal universal universal universal generally universally accepted.
 the state practice has shown that the length of the choice of the right to choose is a great difference.
 the islamic state of afghanistan has fervently looked forward to the security council for its consideration of the previous agenda, which could be reviewed by the security council.
 countries realized a large reduction of the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis had led to a setback.
 as a result, the country's country had no capital.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration of the situation in both and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to achieving the goal of achieving many generations.
 mr ng found that the development, manufacturing and sales of the new world, and many of the world famous consumer goods.
 in the light of the chickens of avian flu, the veins were also seized at the scene, " the spokesman said.
 the secretariat analysed a number of missions survey data and verify the self-sustainable rates of the recommendations.
 in a thorough solution to the flood problem of the new territories north new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism is often causing an trafficking in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in formalizing the work of the emperor's work, chen's " job-to-day " job-to-the-art.
 the one-way link between the two places between the two places will be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economic situation in the palestinian territories is likely to be fully implemented.
 <unk> don't bring large cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were living.
 the working group working with international human rights services, with a minority rights group in 1997, addressed these issues.
 28 immigration officers and 13 police officers in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the need to change the need for change.
 the economic growth of the developed and developing countries as well as economic countries, as well as the economic growth of economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, 800 more than 800 cases were killed by armed elements of the nepalese communist party ( maorio).
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, a person who was convicted of committing a terrorist act, based on the existing legislation, will be " responsibilities ".
 mr president, it will be a complete solution to the landfill of the len valley.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, and over 600 million have left permanent disability or injury.
 this is a great help in the development of ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a kind of tangible commitment in the area of development.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department and the department will have a warning letter to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we are again one of the most competitive economies in the world's free and most competitive economies.
 the construction of the highways department today (july 20) signed the construction of the construction of $ 680008000000 later this month.
 i have to check hong kong's laws to refer to 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, cooperation in the field of non-traditional security is in place.
 between june and august this year, a large number of major sectors of the major sectors of the major sectors were stable.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, we will make more people with disabilities to be absorbed.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of the international convention on the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the industrial operations of the factory and industry, will be effective in order to implement the protection scheme.
 the letter does not wish to improve confidence in the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework contained in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of poor people and the number of poor is increasing.
 " we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party argues that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of sabur conflict was a dispute in the region of the region, which had been caused by the farmer in crops.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the future development of fire services and open space for community facilities.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but only from liberia.
 the first reading of the details of the details will also be provided to provide support to those who improve the language skills.
 on the other hand, chen ming-kuo sits up with the winds of the bones and time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal of the garrison law is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the resource centre for the establishment of a resource centre is not encouraging to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint conference would like to express the discussion that it will take follow-up actions on the various suggestions.
 in addition, we will prepare the review of the district boards following the election of the district boards.
 at 1 avenue, vehicles imported from the secretariat of the 1 avenue will be limited to the vehicle vehicle in the 1 avenue.
 in the face of the village pressure on the village, the villagers were allowed to use the green trees for three years.
 the institute for reform of land reform was established as a implementation of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or the whereabouts of the girl is urged to call the investigating police station at 2398 6399.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal identification document to facilitate improved quality and productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two questions on two issues.
 to this end, emphasis has been given to education, increasing the means and means of promoting social development in the developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not the command of the army of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of audits designed to provide a series of audits for the assets of the united nations.
 that is not possible.
 for security reasons and to protect the environment, these substances must not be unexploded, without radioactive, non-discriminable gas gas and non-confidence.
 the offence of treason was found in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse, as a result of a devastating threat to the existence of nuclear weapons, it seems that many people have been rooted in mind.
 the village of the village has been scared away.
 armed conflict in the darfur region began in february last year.
 the right to non-discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect of respect for the multisystems system.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, according to the relevant rules, any document or address.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that there will be a pick-up in the future.
 the choice of the choice is the choice of a contract.
 this will continue to be a challenge for long-term and long term, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat down.
 at that time, the governor's governor is busy in the preparatory process.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it is possible, however, that only one accused has been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, is always saddened, and it has exceeded the national and religious boundaries.
 the seizure of the operation consists of $ 50000.
 the world economy took place in recent years.
 these guidelines have been set up on the websites of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they said that they had to be called " technology technology, " he said.
 while member states are requested to strengthen the field representatives, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb broke out in the vicinity of the city of the city.
 security security guards at the session, as well as personal personal staff, will receive special permits to the united nations security service.
 information received from the latest map and from the images of the new access are prompted to rescue agencies.
 it provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations agencies have carried out mine-clearance activities in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the cambodians of hiv <unk> aids, and the human rights of these people.
 as a result, once again, once again, the housing department will have to inspect the housing department for further enquiries.
 the rate of drop-out rates in secondary school is still higher than boys, in secondary schools and university, and still accounted for boys.
 <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 there is no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 but he did not imagine that her decision had changed her decision.
 the warning letters will be received by the transport department.
 it is, in the united states, that he was in the united states, that is, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environmental capital cooperation agency<unk> senior advisors of the world bank of the world bank.
 if official officials are interested in investment, they do not think so as to do business.
 further consideration should be given to changes in the international system in the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it cannot be said, and there is no need to say.
 cuba's cuban marketing quotas have been proposed to lift cuba's cuban market.
 however, in the longer term, the government will still intend to recruit suitable candidates.
 3 children have been released, but the 2 day must go to gendase.
 mr. bown's modernization of the hong kong sar legislation ordinance.
 the more the number of voters will vote, of course, of course, of course, of course.
 a far-out site is about 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles within 13 minutes.
 if his spirit is not enough, it is believed that there will be a few more factors.
 it is clear that the practice is a administrative role.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriot community was a ethnic cleansing campaign.
 his delegation proposed that, except for the addition, the delegation of argentina should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the case, " the spokesman said.
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation for the work made by the work of the subject.
 no one has to go to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the situation of the situation of the marriage situation, she asked whether the source of family division has been identified.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20).
 he will have major reforms on the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the importance of better and user-friendly information has been prompted to participate in all levels of activities in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of this is external forces, not control groups and individuals.
 " this has been the hard and constant efforts of the past and present every year, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improve services, parents have to pay a certain cost of household income.
 however, further efforts needed to be made in order to enhance the outcome of the work, which has aroused attention to the state authorities.
 those criminals could not be allowed to provide a safe asylum to those perpetrators of those criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, he saw a safer of two burglants in sha tin, leaving a security guard.
 in the view of the council, he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own action.
 in traditional business environments, the marketers can only take care of his best contacts or contact with the client.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates of the republic of the republic shall be protected with the law of haiti.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year period of time to enable legal laws to be held on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is an anger, and immediately put forward a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the region's performance in the region is still under way in japan.
 it is unrealistic to say that people of others are trying to save themselves.
 as a result of the pesstic shells.
 in the middle of the taiwan province of taiwan's water production, the fisheries industry agreed that there will be a great breakthrough in the fishing industry.
 despite the condemnation of numerous resolutions of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multiethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 in accordance with the sfc's licensees, the hkma will implement the regulation and standards of regulators under the sfc's licensees.
 the first time returned to the return of the star no. 2.
 we want to see the real universality of peace in the university of peace and to bear a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections, with regard to private and commercial organizations.
 more than years ago, the chinese school is invited to participate in chinese schools.
 the united states government recognized that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should be entitled to diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the fee is paid for a communion of the category.
 in the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, happing, and loading, loading, equipment, equipment, equipment and passions.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposed programme.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the use of the company's liquidity with one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people's names will be avoided.
 staff of the department of health have provided health education and disinfection at their home.
 i now turn now to the question of post-conflict peace-building in the light of the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to respond to the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 at the time of focusing on the necessary action, we refuse to stay on a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree, i would do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, as well as a threat to the technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be made by the development of the international community.
 a state of state of state of state of state was again extended on 15 december.
 following a few days after the taliban occupation, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique character of the missile, which enables them to threaten the threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's government's government's policy to adopt an open standard of software products as a platform for application systems.
 in addition, there are 106 private child care centres at 106 and 106.
 after this incident, the two sides have taken military action, but the front situation has not been significant.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action on some of them.
 the commission can make a new image of new images and the recent images of the committees database (proximately 15000).
 the estimate consisted of 10 per cent vacancy rates for local employment.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas will also reduce the sulphur, nitrogen and carbon emissions.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, there are more than 100 or more or more jobs in other sectors, with 50 or more or more.
 under section 23 of the penal code section 23, paragraph 2 of the penal code, the penalties for the preparatory or possession are below the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of the non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco, king of morocco, has died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are carried out by non-governmental organizations, with the remaining 19 sponsored by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of the two spanish.
 there will be no unauthored motor cars, and will certainly be done.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (the " sme ") is inadequate.
 after 8 days, the u.s. u.s. and usa.
 more than 2000 pots of african rolands will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide a reliable standard of living in the territory, particularly the level of poverty, in particular the level of poverty.
 one of the hot hot spots of the family is sony company this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is the trend of respect for human rights for human rights.
 it is also known to know that there was a few days to vomiting, and the other disease is also effective.
 <unk> 15 <unk> he was reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to enable more investigations into the right to survey and the independence of the competition.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea, held in beijing.
 the conference will be made at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 in order to take into account the interests of each other, the international community could work together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and it has enabled property prices to do so. "
 as for the sake of the application, the honourable lau ping-tung has just said that it would be the case <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in the charter of the charter.
 in any case, there must be a data on the collection and production of historical records of its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables is that undp has received from all relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have a lot of people, such as " the interests of the interests ".
 i believe many people would not agree with this view, but, in principle, oppose the levy of land departure tax.
 according to the contract, there is a need to agree on transport <unk> transport matters to all regions of the region.
 the angolan armed forces also took place in the southern part of the southern province of the southern southern southern province and continues to be launched in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to the target of the problem affecting the labour shortage problem.
 using germany's train trains, the price speeds quickly quickly, and the price is $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 such divisions are still being made by the division and the need to be considered by-level consideration and approval.
 police will carry out special traffic arrangements on hong kong island in order to hold the public chest.
 private universities are also able to pay relief to tuition fees from the students.
 the improvement of our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is essential for further implementation of the common goal of our region.
 he was very strong, and he was fully aware of his heart.
 a number of police officers will be made by the perpetrators.
 results indicate that those gambut oil was not used by a german company.
 it welcomed the adoption of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel has also continued to open up the tunnels of the al-qaq al-aqsa mosque in the al-qaqa mosque.
 in fact, after this year's spring festival this year's spring festival, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset between the two places, " he said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been adjusted to reflect the fact that the latter had been in service.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right to the demonstration, i am sure that we can be able to do so.
 the truck immediately fled the scene at the scene of shak kok street to escape at the scene.
 although the evidence is to be found in evidence, they are still in their defence.
 governments have adopted various approaches to control the monopoly character of these monopoly.
 it must be noted, however, that it is unfair and unfair, " the spokesman said.
 i am confident that not only the impact of the influence today, it will also affect the future.
 the political infections of the environment have been committed, and even the words " do not have any reference to development assistance.
 " our immunization system is just like the army, which can be resistanceed to the destruction of outside.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the fall in the gaza strip and caused salt water from sea to east.
 i think we are in a very important sense that we have a very important significance in this week to show our common defeat in this international health organization.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general for his gratitude and appreciation for his report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been sacrificed for the reconstruction of democracy since decades of political instability.
 in the west gate, i only put her many legends.
 what is well known, we are very familiar with the hong kong sars.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations participation in the oceans.
 in history, there is no other child after the death of the child.
 it's the whole continent of the entire continent, " the whole continent of the whole continent has brought brightness. "
 as the chairman of the new advisers committee, the chairman of the new ad hoc committee on the basis of a good basis for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an instrument of impunity, and the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia were reported in 2000 seizures seizures of 913 kg.
 to that end, pakistan supports mexico's proposal to assist the relevant united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice additionally.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (wf) has issued a set of detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, and he was taken away from the car.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out by more effective and more substantive ways.
 the direction of the united nations has been put forward by the secretary-general.
 it is also necessary to determine the results of the public information and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam, mr chan kam-lam, said that his statement is more than my shorter than my shorter.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums on the issue of terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states of the united states of america has been overthrown by the court of appeal to the court.
 in view of this point, the 30000 displaced persons in the equation area and the northern part of the northern part of katanga province had no assistance in this year.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of the pre-employment training course, " the spokesman said.
 at best, i can only go to the local saying that the government is not in a position to make it.
 the current operating budget for the operation is a total of $ 40 per person.
 a 10-year-old payment of 10 per cent of the non-us dollar payment of the exchange rate should be established on 31 december.
 mrs. president.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle and could be a suitable forum.
 according to the above-mentioned problem, it is recommended that, in the field of primary and secondary school students, the university of students and professional groups should be able to meet the basic competence of the language.
 therefore, if the so-called unanimous and more enriched expression of the so-called unanimousity of the so-called unanimous and more enriched expressions.
 a regular basis and 7 (5 30 minutes) will be paid periodically and 7 (30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as regards the specific elements of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically the same.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased by 2<unk>3 and colombians.
 the most recent example is to construct a colock in the shau tung, with regard to the integrity of the country park.
 the introduction of a wide range of projects are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, will address the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in the operation of 15 june were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been given to the ministry of foreign affairs of the israeli ministry, but there is no progress at present.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect counter-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the information and the use of non-governmental organizations, they provide information on information and committees.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i have moved this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 in accordance with treaties established by the treaty, the legal assistance of the treaty is requested.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 the national list should be given to the list of national lists, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to mr tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline was also seen in the construction industry and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 in view of the budgetary constraints, there were some restrictions on the costs and expenditure of lawyers and expenditure.
 it is an exception that must be established, and it is not too long for the purpose of detention to avoid punishment.
 at the time of the weekend, the next classes will be held at the time of the weekend.
 the bank does not wish to see another thing that it is the government's directing bank to deal with its business.
 for the programme, please call on 2441 30113<unk> admission seat: 27734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 in detail in article 190 to 2001 of the georgian penal code, the procedure for the assets (the bank accounts).
 " in addition to the detection of the case, there is a need to expand the training and traffic area, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorships in the continent.
 we are not in favour of a pressure on a solution to the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask what i do not have <unk> they would say that you will join you, and did not let you join you.
 he was detained by the indian army for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the international community, adopting a global and effective treaty to combat anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 shall be considered by the international system of international institutions to be considered under the jurisdiction.
 1970, the embassy of italian embassy in italy.
 there should be a self- binding code of moral ethics on the law of conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be the subject of equity, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all these arrangements will not be sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 in the same period, there were 5300 persons born in hong kong, while the number of deaths in hong kong was 32000.
 however, i have said that the issue reflects the history of history and the people of the balkans.
 when the hong kong future is concerned, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so.
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government attention and care.
 it was reported that in the area of polluted food, these foods have been affected by polluted food in other places and then re-exported food.
 as to the choice of the child's family, luxembourg was retained in the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that the flow of arms into the country must be prevented.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would also like to have been killed in the past 10 years.
 mr ngai says that taiwan's edition of all copyrights in taiwan.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he was very resolutely reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to safeguard the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 28, 1928, the secretary of the chinese communist party, secretary of the chinese communist party, said that the secretary of the chinese communist party had arrived in miaojiang.
 in the promotion of chickens, there was a large number of staff in the twlolo island and the twlolo island, and indirect promote the development of the fisheries industry.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding was received, but not received.
 against this background, the committee has made its efforts to understand all of the acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the unabiled balance was due to the termination of the programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 the use of scientific research and practical application activities should be enhanced.
 in the light of the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy the election and election.
 in the reporting period, 40 businesses in service industry have received a loan, creating or save 79 jobs during the reporting period.
 early in june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we would like to persuade the friends of entrepreneurship.
 a few months later, the storm will also be a very painful period of a very painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 after protesting protests, some people of the population were emotional and constantly blockaded, and the police used a high water reservoir.
 the establishment of a programme of work (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think that the most important thing is to respect the civil servants, allowing them to sit on the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the system of the pension system and the impact of the women's impact on women.
 (c) the office of force commanders office: as a result of information transmitted by the office, two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected growth in the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry of development, family development division and support division, has been carried out in the department of development and family support division, national day, and similar activities.
 " the current exhibition is extremely successful in the context of a channels of channels and strategic partnerships.
 the international community should be able to see human rights in the same status as the same is the same.
 in spite of some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy which is a strategic strategy.
 the 2 clause in annex iii to the joint declaration was also observed in article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 the us dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july to november, and was only 0.6% in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, the ability of women to participate fully depends on the economic and social resources and its legal rights.
 the discussion of many discussions by the general assembly and the various committees of various committees reflects the urgent issue of the common concern of humanity.
 it is necessary to end their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of the position, the chinese side proposed a reasonable solution.
 in the amount of us$ 12000000000, only $ 12000000.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the change in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 the introduction of such an approach is focused on whether it will proceed to the original guarantees.
 he believed that the beijing olympics were prepared to host the 2008 olympic games.
 in the last session of the last session of the last year of this year, the commission considered the key issues of productive employment.
 it is possible to give us an overall assessment of our assessment.
 in 2000, the protection of the workplace in the workplace was also prohibited from 8 to 21 weeks of female workers.
 the actual facilities of paraguay has also made significant improvement.
 welcome.
 in this respect, the financial secretary also agreed and indicated that it would be very important for us to be able to implement as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly, the general assembly of the general assembly, is also the art of art culture.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is faster than the overall population growth.
 a alarm at a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives of the national archives were looted.
 at the opening ceremony of today, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology.
 the discipline and conduct of their discipline, conducting the united nations as the united nations.
 these recommendations are the public's opinion in many years.
 " both letters are common letters, " a police spokesman stressed: " both letters are general letters, " a police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public for members of the public who know the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the above-mentioned whereabouts.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide schedule.
 the seven-year-old man, his heart, voices, voices and voices would like to see 100 patients.
 this incident has happened in close to the way on the road, which has happened near the nearest way.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is too high.
 a number of industrial countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the beginning of a decision to suspend debt debts.
 in this century, humankind has seen a great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say that i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian population.
 people will be used as biotechnology revolution as biotechnology.
 i understand that the chinese government has promised to draft the basic law to consider the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is to deal with many of these challenges.
 this amount is to be used for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple of chinese temples have been set up after the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that volunteering and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitment is sometimes difficult to distinguish.
 on the day of the publication of the publication of the publication of the journal, it has been written to this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate persisted, and it is expected that the inflation rate for this year will be almost 10 per cent.
 the honourable ip has also mentioned that there was a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the amendment to the proposal to reduce some of the additional administrative administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat here, and everyone is very clear.
 the drafting of a draft session would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the commission.
 a complex project is a complex project which will have a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial work.
 if we do not have a joint venture to buy the company's joint venture, it is also high.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs, the lands department, lands department and the planning department will carry out such verification work with the oil companies.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as the president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safe safety.
 the text is to submit a number of political choices and rights to the countries concerned to the states concerned.
 responding to the police report, police officers conducted investigations into the three rooms in the hotel on march 27.
 they must accept the continuing professional training, their registration <unk> mandates for renewal of renewal.
 in late february, the education department will be invited to be invited to take part in the selection process in march.
 however, these techniques have been enormous.
 originally, i would like to say that he was not good.
 the contradiction between paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum level of obligations will be made for the benefit of each society.
 a view was expressed that the draft guide should be addressed to the issue of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the point earlier earlier that i only hope that i would like to give them a lot of justice.
 at the same time, the chairman, after receiving the consent of the group, should announce an end to the debate.
 he said: " you are often able to work in their work. "
 i think that the ceiling should be kept in the future, and there is no need to be taken in the future.
 the sisters of the 2 sisters are suffering from starving and winds and winds and winds.
 " we should continue to pay our efforts to enhance the standard of service. this is a society for our expectations. "
 it can be a major step forward in the future.
 the community is now clearly strongly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights and establishing a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " own ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york to new york, it had been able to aviation security for aviation and prevented them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 the delegation of the united kingdom believes that the court should be compatible with the criteria.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should actively implement relevant policies.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is a real democratic country for a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly allegedly subjected to a family, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more fragile.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is indeed an ideal city for setting up an ideal city. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border transfers of non-discriminators are in the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the salaries and personal income tax for individual incomes can be received within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and seriously consider what japan must be done.
 in the sudan, welfare and family affairs of the ministry of social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he was also accountable to the secretary-general of the administrative committee on coordination and organizational commission, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the mission of italian missions and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between administrative and legislation.
 even if the shells are not public transport, almost no one-time work, most of the streets are pedestrians.
 this year, it may be, after all, as a matter of identity.
 next, let's take a look at the iraqi policy on iraq's government.
 in addition, members will be able to observe the investigation team's investigation.
 i 've been able to look at me.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its goals in gdp growth.
 yes, a difference of difference.
 if we want the united nations to play an important position in the united nations, we must make the united nations to take a step forward before the developments.
 the financial secretary referred to the words " lion rock " in his budget.
 the housing authority will carry out repair works on the ground under ground public housing estates.
 after the honourable deputy president, he believed that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents in the catering industry has fallen downward trend.
 the croatian police officers are also engaged in walking and vehicle patrols in the area of their access to traffic.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung said that it would be misunderstanding of the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever more support.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the authorities will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you are not appropriate to ask questions on the issue.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " and said that it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 during the evening, he will fly to washington to visit the last visit to the last station.
 the united states exports from 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 in order to give her her shoes of shoes.
 although there is a need to analyse data and volumes of data, there are fewer analysis of the content of the data on data.
 however, the report pointed out that despite the local market, the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that this view was made and recommended that the current level of 23.7 per cent of the present report was.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a precondition for the end-up.
 the authorities have recognized that " national security " is the interests of sovereign states.
 however, hong kong's economic growth has been sustained and a surplus of the colons of the colons of the colons.
 it should be this.
 the under-secretary-general has not been determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 3 years, a large number of documents proves that there is a shortage of life because of water shortages.
 the treaty is confined to the prohibition of nuclear tests, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new weapons.
 they told him that they cannot be treated as a matter of urgency.
 overall, the overall situation is much greater than its part.
 (b) <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in the light of the green paper in green paper, it is really hu said.
 in 1993, it became a member of the council of china's appointments to be members of the institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- 7 on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to the need for a long-term strengthening of cooperation on the competence and infrastructure of national protection and infrastructure.
 the age group is about 5 hours a week.
 this phase would lead to a single unification rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be used as a matter of careful use of international law.
 at present, scientific and technological economic cooperation will be unprecedented, and the world is speeding up towards a multipellation.
 the topic of chinese paintings and chinese paintings are also subject to the subjects of inter-cultural exchanges.
 in a sense of rationalness and sense of sense, chen sheng-san's stracks in a sense of sense of rationality and sense of emotions.
 i have talked about the response of the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is whether the angolans themselves commit themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are little indications that there are no indications of sexual drugs.
 the seminar was very tired, but everyone thoughts that it not only had waste of waste.
 with brazil's brazilian turtles, foo entry and rodent rodents have been the most strongest species of species in taiwan.
 these women have been subjected to discrimination against equal remuneration, or in the form of slavery.
 (i) with more than 50 per cent of the countries with more than 50 per cent of the countries<unk> (ii) it can generally account the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia was a head of state for the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fan's phenomenon is the product of a new single system of ones of a state of a country.
 recently, some of these groups have not been able to come out and oppose direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the possibility of a large number of refugee returns, there will be a continuing resources for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked, at least five people dead and 19 injured.
 for a few months, the police was charged with violations of human rights violations and criminal cases of criminal cases.
 his election highlights his various advantages, his personal quality and his rich experience in international affairs.
 since the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, there is no need for the entire industry to survive.
 the line of 173-storey lanes shall be at the junction of the 173-storey line and 133.
 the words " to " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department is also specialized to deal with the hawkers.
 in the non-politic security situation, the debtor should continue to be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of its responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in respect of mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the vicinity, but there were no casualties in the scene.
 the council began to hold a new " mixed-mot " meeting, namely, a private meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document also did not mention the office.
 i accepted the secretary for the constitutional affairs of the constitutional affairs that some things do not have been close to elections.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon.
 the carparks of the visitors centre will also be closed.
 at present, the growth in the customers's investment portfolio remained stable, and has greatly improved the performance of the company's performance.
 many people have a lot of money to facilitate the convenience of carcas.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee went to japan to take part in japan in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat would require full participation in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12.
 the seventy is well-known. he was satisfied with his satisfaction and love.
 on the safe safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management: it is a keynote speech.
 i wanted to ask you one thing, so i am especially looking for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new advantages is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite limited financial resources, many small amounts could be paid to a large amount of funds.
 as to the content of the draft articles, it was stated that the draft content has been too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we want to uphold the rule of law.
 the allocation of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to receive their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the government's grass-roots employment.
 when he was found in a 50-year-old man, it was found that there was a high degree of negligence.
 the israeli occupying forces also escaped one of all houses in the village and burning another of the houses and burnt another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited early as early as possible for early detection and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of child prostitution in order to obtain or facilitate the use of children.
 this is not a good achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry was further increased by 2% in the same period.
 it is equally important that the long-standing external debt problem faced by african countries accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now like to turn back to the start.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14 panel panels of panels, which are members of the members of the united nations, rather than national representatives.
 as to the expert unit, more in-depth tactical training is provided.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace north-south cooperation and should be regarded as an additional complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 in order to ensure that the quality of high quality chinese textbooks may be set up, chinese textbooks have been established.
 another source is: " it's hard to do so. "
 some were reportedly injured in some of them.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role played by unctad in the field, the topic discussed a number of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingents will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, there is a need to look at trade in the area of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that it was reported that this person had been transferred to where they had been transferred to them.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the campaign for political parties should be subject to strict control and maintain transparency.
 it is expected that it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide the background and exercise of information on the right to development.
 it was never imagined that sun yin's road began to count on numerous waves.
 the chairman of the medium-and medium-sized enterprises (the committee) morning this morning to submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of history, the large number of land in the new territories has been subject to the control of collective officials.
 we welcome the partnership in these areas, " the spokesman added.
 if you want the computer to make it clear, " don't " don't " don't " don't " do you ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to be a matter of urgency, no matter whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please call for a series of five series of new zealands of new zealand's colons.
 the adoption of the new integrated working guidelines on 18 june 1998 was included in the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 during the testing of the experimentation system, it was suggested that the introduction of an impact would affect the participation of the participation of the population and in general.
 a number of programmes on this seminar would help to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person who has a minimum of 65 years of age, they are not entitled to wage pensions for the minimum wage.
 generally speaking, such information will not be disclosed.
 he has a great commitment to achieve achievements in law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to conduct a review of the ordinance, based on the highest standards of international standards.
 " the department will provide a suitable vacancies for non-residential graduates under the scheme, " the spokesman said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing and the olympic games in the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, one came from the mainland, who came from the mainland.
 overall, the existing system has played a checks and balance.
 he said that if someone was stolen, he was cut off his hand.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of provisional self-government.
 ninii was the headquarters of the ruf.
 to retain the " taipei's taipei " signboards, it is now in a new painting room.
 the name of the call said: " from abao andbaki " is totally natural.
 born in new zealand in new zealand, u.s. c.c., university of kbla university, university, university and australia university.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have two chickens to attack each other.
 details of the proposal, both english and chinese, will be put up at the site venues for public inspection.
 because the dpp is a new democratic party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of workers in the manufacturing sector.
 the claimant provided exports to export credit guarantees by exporters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee further draws attention to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, the owner of estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the economic scholars of the world bank of the world bank, said: " nobody knows how many people know the cost. "
 in this section, this section was published by the people of liaoning people.
 madam president, today, the secretary for today's grandma is the " food diet ".
 in the light of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons are more open.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the comments made by the government of japan on the above-mentioned statement.
 following the performance, the audience received very enthusiastic response to the members and staff of the audience.
 i am also referring to some examples of some of these examples. some people say that some of the chronic diseases have been working with the hospital authority.
 the approved plan need to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, all i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues are sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she has a maximum of high-handed products and enjoys all civil servants.
 all relevant departments will take part in the activities of the scheme, which are involved in a variety of activities, and to prosecute the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee notes that, in some instances, reports were referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in a case, 100 fighters can be fired from approximately 15000 small arms ammunitions.
 2, a reduction in the situation is tense.
 first of all, the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories affects the interests of the peoples interests of the non-self-governing territories.
 he pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash in cash for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general and the special representative of the special representative of the secretary-general this morning.
 the decline in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of hong kong banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to some of the concepts that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the sufferings of children and orphans, and the increase in the increasing increase in the tribal conflict has increased considerably.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes that there should be general strengthening of the effectiveness of the civilian police to handle complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now present.
 this figure is about 19 per cent of africa's population in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some of those countries have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 in the united states, a typical woman in the united states had to spend more than 1000 hours in his life.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is more disastrous.
 this is a subject to the subject.
 oios urged the department of disarmament to assist the new political will of the member states to make financial commitments.
 the financial secretary's financial position is lucky than britain. therefore, there is no need to go.
 the last round of the la laden was last seen in the end of 2004, but his deputy, his deputy.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of waste reduction plans (the working group).
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 in the first day of his performance, hu nai-yuan was a clear picture of the songs of national music academics.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2%, a 1 percentage point higher than in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children are in a position to take care of children in society.
 the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces have been carried out by the bosnian serb forces, and there are no casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said that, in the course of the two-week survey, 5224 visits were completed in the course of the two-week period.
 the chickens have been tested through test and blood test. "
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether the executive board continue to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, with an extension of 10 kilometres from iraq and 5 kilometres from kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children in the family service are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the 1 cruise of taiwan's 1 cruise was liu ming-ming.
 the central meteorological station forecasts that the heavy fog weather will also affect north china and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons that the right to food may not be considered by the court.
 at the end of the end of the 19 century, the occupies a white ball, which came into taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to create a national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to facilitate compliance with any person who engage in arms manufactured in the possession of weapons.
 the government and the business sector have opened a series of activities to consolidate the confidence in hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet group of the hong kong ballet team will be held at the reception.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mrs. lee, said, " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new battle between the forces between the forces and the taliban in the north-western part of the north-west ghz.
 the number of data in computer systems and the searches of the computer systems have also caused major problems related to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in voluntary contributions to the asean regional forum members, indicating that significant developments in the areas of the security situation.
 every day, soldiers said that the same day would take the goods handed over the same day.
 " the government's overall burden on the implementation of the mpf system will be better. "
 the committee was informed that the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often face people as the enemy, and therefore, it is not the people of the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the hong kong system.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry for me.
 through this election, it will ensure that hong kong is an asset class in hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, but they did not use it.
 as a result of this strategy, it's not to go to other people who do not want to go to the new areas. "
 the results will be released in july.
 it has been more than half a century earlier.
 however, the bill today has a great deal of doubts about this council's bill to this council, namely, in this transitional period.
 he was arrested at los angeles, who was arrested by new zealand at los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 economic services are also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and production.
 some experts indicated that statistics have not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the needs of different areas of different areas.
 since 1978, china had a long-term impact on the exchange rate of the exchange rate and the price of foreign exchange price price.
 bishk group has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people, " the spokesman said.
 part of the results are described as follows: apart from religion, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading materials.
 this year, this year's total revenue of this year's total revenue was $ 102500, representing an increase of $ 1025600 over a year earlier.
 these provisions should go to the chinese side.
 non-colonial projects carried out by other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate of the united nations.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court was to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 more than two years in hong kong's best service in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i am aware that the doctor's doctors also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plans to reflect the latest land uses in north-eastern europe, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to this end, member states must be assessed at the time of all member states, and assessed contributions of their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for a century more than half a century, mankind is living in fear of a sustained nuclear danger.
 he said that, in order to solve these problems, the committee has established a cabinet with prime minister.
 in all cases, it will be necessary for the longer time to take place in the period of 2003-04.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 <unk> a summary of an important accounting policy for the financial statements, as a summary of the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan, there will be heavy rains in the south of yunnan.
 on behalf of the people of the comoros and people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a comprehensive plan for donor confidence to undp undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the chairman, mali, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents of the two delegations.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in relation to poverty-related strategies, plans, policies and operational centres.
 at present, the vocational training council (csd) is currently conducting some 70-day examinations for some 70-day examinations.
 after the culprits, the culprits entered the sleep of the employer. he disclosed the incident.
 the administration has announced today that today is a day.
 for example, the killings have already been set up in 3 phases, but it was very late until the seasonal seasons.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should be able to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
